Add configurable access token duration with default of 10 minutes (#97)
common-fate/terraform-aws-common-fate-deployment: .changeset/ten-cows-shave.md

---
"@common-fate/terraform-aws-common-fate-deployment": patch
---

> allow for configurable access token duration with a default duration of 10 minutes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reduces the web app access token validity to 10 minutes by default.
```
